What are you doing? Ali, are you okay?
Da'an I'm fine
Da'an won't pay me for this purchase.
It's fine if I tell you that he's gone early. Why are you still letting him go? What?
Ali, I think you misunderstood that you are taking the blame?
I believe Ali is not like this?
Are you still going to teach him?
Let me take a look at his industrial style wine glass?
He's back and paying for his righteousness?
Ali, what's going on? Fight.
I heard from hot people
You always come back to lust after your sister
Xiaori is in Yanhui today
Please always help me
So I recommended sugar water.
I want to invite your husband in for a drink
But I was in pain just now
Except for your husband
I didn’t expect that my sister would misunderstand me when I saw her.
Are your feet all right now?
It's okay now
Did you hear it all?
What else do you want to say
Why are your feet changing? It's a good thing
Don't pay attention, I'll order better
He's just a beautiful monster who talks about three major things all day long.